$Id: NAMETYPES,v 1.3 2005-01-21 13:05:45 francis Exp $

Several types of name may be defined for each area. Each type of name is
identified by a one-letter code:

O   Ordnance Survey (OS) Name

    These are the names which are used for areas in Boundary Line; for
    instance, "Lincoln Moorland ED" or "Welwyn Hatfield Co Const". These exist
    only for areas in Great Britain which are recorded by Ordnance Survey, so
    there are no names of this type for areas in Northern Ireland or for
    synthetic areas which we construct, for instance WMP or LAE.

S   Office of National Statistics (ONS) Name

    These are the names used in the SNAC ("Standard Names and Codes" product)
    and so in, e.g., statistical data derived from census returns; for
    instance, "Welwyn Hatfield" or "Grange Villa and West Pelton". ONS compiles
    statistics over wards and parliamentary constituencies, so those are the
    only areas which have a name of this type (excluding Northern Ireland
    Assembly electoral areas, which are coterminous with parliamentary
    constituencies and are named as such).

M   mySociety Name

    Names which we have made up. e.g. "Northern Ireland" as the name of the
    Euro region for Northern Ireland.

G   GovEval Name

    These are the names which are used in GovEval's database; for instance,
    "Welwyn Hatfield", "Grange Villa & West Pelton" or "Lincoln Moorland".
    These don't bear a simple relationship with any of the official naming
    schemes but must be matched up with them on an ad-hoc basis.

X   FaxYourMP Name

    These are names as used in the dataset exported from FaxYourMP. So
    it only applies for House of Commons constituencies.

F   Friendly Name

    These are the names which we present to the user. The intention is that
    these resemble the ONS names; that is, they are written in full like the
    ONS or OS names, but unlike the OS names do not include the area type
    in addition to the name.

C   Canonical Name
    
    Lowercase and simplified council names.


